Updated docs (#29211)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/Scripts/GetByIncidentId/README.md

Gets a value from the specified incident's context.

> **Note** This script won't be able to get incident fields since it is not part of the context. To get that please use ``searchIncidentsV2`` automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** This script won't be able to get incident fields since it is not part of the context. To get incident fields, use the ``searchIncidentsV2`` automation.
```

> **Note** This script won't be able to get incident fields since it is not part of the context. To get incident fields, use the ``searchIncidentsV2`` automation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note** This script can only retrieve incident fields that appear under the investigation context. To get incident normal fields, use the ``searchIncidentsV2`` automation to pull the relevant incident and extract the needed fields from the automation output.
```
